Thank you very much. This is the RM Springfield meeting agenda for September the 15th of 2026. We are calling the meeting to order at exactly 6 pm.m. All of Council is present here. Our CEO is on a course. Our Assistant CEO, Christy Groenheide, is in position here. I'll present Council in descending order here to my right in descending as Deputy Mayor and Council Glenn Fuel. Councillors Kaczynski, Miller, and Warren. Then we'll go to land acknowledgement, please. That's item number three on the agenda. People are following. The RM Springfield acknowledges that we are gathered on ancestral lands, Treaty 1 territory, traditional territory, Anishinaabe, Cree, Oji-Cree, Dakota, Dene's people, and on the national homeland of the Red River, Métis. We are on item four right now, and that's approval of the agenda. Could I get a mover and a seconder for that, please? That's Miller and Warren. Any comments, questions with regards to the agenda as it exists here? I see none. I guess just for clarity for people that are listening here, item number 8.1, it's deferred to October the 6th, and that's a letter of concurrence for the Bell MTS Tower near Lincrest Airport there. So we're going to go past 8.1, and then we're going to be going to the consent agenda. So approval of the agenda is hereby done. If I can get a show of hands of those in approval first, that is unanimous, so carried. Then we'll go to adoption of the minutes, please. Mover and a seconder for that, please. Fuel and Kaczynski. And this is the minutes for September 1st of 2026. Put it out to Council. Any additions or comments with regards to this? I see none. Then I'll pose the question first to those in support with a show of hands. That is unanimous. Again, so carried. I guess we'll go straight by 8.1, which I said just previously. We have the consent agenda there. That's items 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.4. If Council's good to prepare to put all those together in one consent agenda. I see no opposition to that. If I can get a mover and a seconder for that, please. That's Kaczynski and Warren. Before we do vote on that there, I just want to congratulate Darian Vassas for her come trial rugby event.

It was very successful. It's good to introduce this new sport, or not a new sport, but a sport into the community there. So I think that's really well done. And the Eastman Regional Municipal Committee there, I'm part of that, and it's an exceptional committee there. The topic is a small modular reactors, which are really high on the scale of things to be done for energy and so on like that, environment, plus seniors housing. And we have another meeting, I believe, I'm not sure, in the next week there. So if I can get a show of first of the question of those in support for the consent agenda, please. That is unanimous and so carried. We'll go to New Business. That's Item 10.1, Board of Revision. So can I get a mover or a seconder, please? Darian and Warren. And I'll pass it off to our Assistant CEO. Okay, so we are still looking for one councillor to sit on this order provision for 2027. And I guess the option is out there if we – this is an election year, so it's really presumptive who's going to be here at the election there. We do have the option of appointing a citizen if we want to go that way. I believe Councillor Warren has stepped up as one of the councillors. I think it would be prudent just for us to get it done today. And let's look for a citizen in the community that we think that might be good for the position there. Or we could defer it until October. It's up. You good to step up then? Okay. All right. Then we'll have – we have Councillor Fuel that's stepping up for that position there. Can I read the resolution? Yeah. Okay. Be it resolved that the RMS Springfield 2027, Board of Revision, be held November 12, 2026. And be it further resolved that the board be composed of the following people. Doug Shaver, Chair. Councillor Melinda Warren. Councillor Glenn Fuel. Christy Gronheide, Board Secretary. Thank you. I'll pose the question first to those in support. The show of hands. That is unanimous and so carried. I think I'll throw it out there because I'm not running again there. But I think council, the next council coming in should seriously think – well, it's not. The option is there to have citizens on there.

So I think that could be explored. But that will be up to the next council. That's just my thought on that. If we go to 10.2, that's ward appropriations, please. Can I get a mover or a seconder for that? Miller and Warren. Okay, so we have received a request for support from Tristan Vantage for soccer championships out in Newfoundland. Everybody read that about Tristan there. What's the council's thoughts on that? Councillor Miller. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I'd dedicate the rest of my appropriation to that. I think it's $110 that I have, yeah. So I'm happy to do that. Okay. Other councillors at all? Everybody's at $110. I think I'm the richest guy in the table. I think I've got $6.94 left. $150? Okay. I'll do $110. Councillor Kaczynski? I'll do $110 as well. Actually, maybe we should put a condition on there that Tristan provides us with a soccer ball signed by the team. That won't be part of the condition, but if Tristan's listening, he's able to do something like that, we wouldn't object to that at all. Okay. Be it resolved that the following 2026 ward appropriations be approved. Tristan Fandage, wards 2, 3, 4, and mayor, $110 each. Ward 1, $150. All right. With that being explained, I'll pose a question for those in support. That is unanimous and so carried. Then if we go to the Manitoba Association of Regional Recyclers form, 10.3 of people following on there. Mover, seconder, please. Tearing and fuel. Be it resolved that all of Council be delegated to attend the Manitoba Association of Regional Recyclers forum on October 14th and 15th in Winnipeg at their discretion. Thank you. With that being read, I'll pose the question. Bill is in support. Unanimous and so carried. Then we'll go to 10.4. That's the AMM Fall Convention in Brandon there. Mover, seconder. Tarian and Kaczynski. Be it resolved that all of Council be delegated to attend the AMM Fall Convention and Pre-Convention Seminar in Brandon, November 23rd to 26th at their discretion. Thank you. With that being read, if I can get a show of hands first, those in support. It's unanimous. Then it's a very quick meeting. We'll go to prepare to do a closed meeting and adjournment at the same time.

If I get a mover and a seconder for that together. It's Miller and Fuel. Show of hands are those in support of adjourning the meeting. It's unanimous. At 610, we're going to adjourn the meeting. If Council can remain behind for our item 14 on the agenda. Although it's over with now, but we're just going to talk about the assessment after the fact. Thank you very much.
